docs/searching.md, before:

# Searching

1. Text search in elasticsearch is implemented differently for the different string types, [keyword](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/keyword.html) and [text](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/text.html), as explained [here](https://www.elastic.co/blog/strings-are-dead-long-live-strings). With Azure Data Explorer, there is a single string type, and text searches are applied in a way that correlates to searching on an elasticsearch text data type. Some use cases which show the difference in search behavior include:

    * Search which was applied using a value expected to be found on an elasticseach keyword data type, will yield more results on Azure Data Explorer.

    * A case sensitive search which was applied using a value expected to be found on an elasticseach keyword data type, will yield non case sensitive results on Azure Data Explorer.

2. Multiple words in a search term are split based on operators and analyzed individually, combined with an OR operator in both elsticsearch and Azure Data Explorer.

    TODO: under development to support searching multiple words individually [here](https://dev.azure.com/csedevil/K2-bridge-internal/_workitems/edit/1579).

3. When enclosing strings with quotation marks, the exact quoted term is being searched in both elsticsearch and Azure Data Explorer.

    TODO: under development to support searching exact terms [here](https://dev.azure.com/csedevil/K2-bridge-internal/_workitems/edit/1609).

4. Partial support for Azure Data Explorer's `dynamic column` - those columns represent objects with an unknown schema. Those columns are visible in the item view as "flat" properties. However, their 1-click search icons (the +/-) are disabled. Additionally, those columns won't appear in the add filter option.

    TODO: update if/when we add support for dynamic columns. https://dev.azure.com/csedevil/K2-bridge-internal/_workitems/edit/1253

    Options for better interaction with dynamic columns:
        * Use Lucene expressions in the search box with a fully qualified property path. For example: propertyA.propertyB:myValue
        * If possible, consider promoting some/all properties in a dynamic column to regular-discreet columns in Azure Data Explorer. By doing so, you'll also get a potential performance boost when searching.

Commit message:

Detect filter element in query (#207)
* update readme

* detect KQL experimental syntax

Co-authored-by: Elad Iwanir <13205761+eladiw@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/searching.md, after:

# Searching

1. We currently support the Lucene search syntax and not the experimental KQL syntax. 
You should not turn this option on via the UI or set it for all users like indicated [here](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/current/advanced-options.html) under the "search:queryLanguage" option.

1. Text search in elasticsearch is implemented differently for the different string types, [keyword](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/keyword.html) and [text](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/text.html), as explained [here](https://www.elastic.co/blog/strings-are-dead-long-live-strings). With Azure Data Explorer, there is a single string type, and text searches are applied in a way that correlates to searching on an elasticsearch text data type. Some use cases which show the difference in search behavior include:

    * Search which was applied using a value expected to be found on an elasticseach keyword data type, will yield more results on Azure Data Explorer.

    * A case sensitive search which was applied using a value expected to be found on an elasticseach keyword data type, will yield non case sensitive results on Azure Data Explorer.

1. Multiple words in a search term are split based on operators and analyzed individually, combined with an OR operator in both elsticsearch and Azure Data Explorer.

    TODO: under development to support searching multiple words individually [here](https://dev.azure.com/csedevil/K2-bridge-internal/_workitems/edit/1579).

1. When enclosing strings with quotation marks, the exact quoted term is being searched in both elsticsearch and Azure Data Explorer.

    TODO: under development to support searching exact terms [here](https://dev.azure.com/csedevil/K2-bridge-internal/_workitems/edit/1609).

1. Partial support for Azure Data Explorer's `dynamic column` - those columns represent objects with an unknown schema. Those columns are visible in the item view as "flat" properties. However, their 1-click search icons (the +/-) are disabled. Additionally, those columns won't appear in the add filter option.

    TODO: update if/when we add support for dynamic columns. https://dev.azure.com/csedevil/K2-bridge-internal/_workitems/edit/1253

    Options for better interaction with dynamic columns:
        * Use Lucene expressions in the search box with a fully qualified property path. For example: propertyA.propertyB:myValue
        * If possible, consider promoting some/all properties in a dynamic column to regular-discreet columns in Azure Data Explorer. By doing so, you'll also get a potential performance boost when searching.
